GitHub Sensor (#7942)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_components/sensor.github.markdown

---
layout: page
title: "GitHub Sensor"
description: "How to integrate the GitHub Sensor into Home Assistant."
date: 2018-12-24 18:00
sidebar: true
comments: false
sharing: true
footer: true
logo: github.png
ha_category: Sensor
ha_release: 0.85
ha_iot_class: "Cloud Polling"
---

The GitHub sensor integrates data from [GitHub](https://github.com/) to monitor your favorite repositories.

## {% linkable_title Setup %}

You will need your GitHub username and password. You can also create an access token [here](https://github.com/settings/tokens). An access token is required if you use two factor authentication with your account.

## {% linkable_title Configuration %}

To enable this platform, please add the following to your `configuration.yaml` file:

```yaml
# Example configuration.yaml entry
sensor:
  - platform: github

>     access_token: !secret github_access_token

Reviewer: Please remove all non required options from the example.

Author: Technically, either username/password or an access_token is required. Since either/or is required, what should I state here? Examples for both methods?

Reviewer: Good question... preferably the user will use `access_token` for communication, so maybe this part should be as is.

    repositories:
      - path: 'home-assistant/home-assistant'
        name: 'Home Assistant'
      - path: 'hassio-addons/addon-ide'
        name: 'IDE add-on'
```

{% configuration %}
access_token:
  description: Your GitHub Access Token

>   required: true

Reviewer: The code states that this is optional.

  type: string
username:
  description: Your GitHub Username

>   required: true

Reviewer: The code states that this is optional.

  type: string
password:
  description: Your GitHub Password

>   required: true

Reviewer: The code states that this is optional.

---
layout: page
title: "GitHub Sensor"
description: "How to integrate the GitHub Sensor into Home Assistant."
date: 2018-12-24 18:00
sidebar: true
comments: false
sharing: true
footer: true
logo: github.png
ha_category: Sensor
ha_release: 0.85
ha_iot_class: "Cloud Polling"
---

The GitHub sensor integrates data from [GitHub](https://github.com/) to monitor your favorite repositories.

## {% linkable_title Setup %}

> You will need your GitHub username and password. You can also create an access token [here](https://github.com/settings/tokens). An access token is required if you use two-factor authentication with your account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up this sensor you will need your GitHub username and password, or an [access token][accesstoken]. 

If you have two-factor authentication enabled on your account an [access token][accesstoken] is required.
[accesstoken]: https://github.com/settings/tokens
```
A litte sugestion for rewording, this is my personal preference, disregard this if you don't agree :)

Author: Looks good :+1: I've added it

---
layout: page
title: "GitHub Sensor"
description: "How to integrate the GitHub Sensor into Home Assistant."
date: 2018-12-24 18:00
sidebar: true
comments: false
sharing: true
footer: true
logo: github.png
ha_category: Sensor
ha_release: 0.85
ha_iot_class: "Cloud Polling"
---

The GitHub sensor integrates data from [GitHub](https://github.com/) to monitor your favorite repositories.

## {% linkable_title Setup %}

> You will need your GitHub username and password. You can also create an access token [here](https://github.com/settings/tokens). An access token is required if you use two factor authentication with your account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You will need your GitHub username and password. You can also create an access token [here](https://github.com/settings/tokens). An access token is required if you use two-factor authentication with your account.
```

## {% linkable_title Configuration %}

To enable this platform, please add the following to your `configuration.yaml` file:

### {% linkable_title Username / Password %}

```yaml
# Example configuration.yaml entry
sensor:
  - platform: github
    username: 'githubusername'
    password: !secret github_password
    repositories:
      - path: 'home-assistant/home-assistant'

>         name: 'Home Assistant'

Reviewer 2: We try to keep all configuration samples minimal. Thus, no optional requirement in the default sample. This helps a user to get started quickly by copy-&-paste the sample without worrying about optional parameters which they most likely not need. If required, insert a full configuration sample later that covers special setups or alike.

Author: See new commit. Removed any optional properties from examples

  description: Your GitHub Access Token
  required: false
  type: string
server_url:
  description: If you are using a GitHub Enterprise server, add it's URL here. For example, `https://mygithubserver.com`

>   required: false

Reviewer 2: If it isn't required, it has a default.. right?

Author: Yes, it defaults to `https://github.com` as the default via the library

Reviewer: Something like this then?
```
description: URL to GitHub server (only change this if you use GitHub Enterprise).
required: false
default: https://github.com
```

Author: This URL should be blank / not added still since the library handles the defaults. If someone set `https://github.com` as the `server_url` it may cause issues or would have no effect
